# EE445L-SP22-Lab3_4
Lab 3 and 4 template. Note that of 2/6/22, the Lab 4 doc may not be updated to
the latest version. 

## HW

The HW folder should contain your schematic and board files for your PCB or
circuits. In labs 1-5 and 10, you will be creating schematics for your circuit
in EAGLE. A setup tutorial can be found
[here](https://www.shawnvictor.net/autodesk-eagle.html). 

## SW

The SW folder should contain your application firmware and software written for
the lab. The SW/inc folder contains firmware drivers written for you by
Professor Valvano. Feel free to write your own (in fact, in some labs, you may
be required to write your own). 

You can place any other source files in the SW/ folder. TAs will look at the
files you create and/or modify for software quality and for running your
project. 

You may find that it's the TA's personal preference to put custom driver
libraries into the `lib` folder, and examples on how to run the code as keil/ccs
projects in the `examples` folder. The example code and drivers provided are
given to provide an example of how to document and write good code. Use at your
own risk. Some code has been modified to use Valvanoware. There may be
unintended side effects.

## Resources

A couple files are provided in the Resources folder so you don't have to keep
searching for that one TI document. Some of them are immediately useful, like
the TM4C datasheet. Others may be useful for your final project, like the
TM4C_System_Design_Guidelines page. 

## Git and Github

We will extensively use Git and Github for managing lab projects. This makes it easier for TAs to grade and help debug the project by allowing us to see commit histories, maintain a common project structure, and 
Likewise, it makes it easier for students to collaborate with partners, merge
different codebases, and to debug their work by having a history of commits. 

Two common ways of using Git and Github are [Github
Desktop](https://desktop.github.com/) and the [command
line](https://git-scm.com/downloads).
[Tutorials](https://dev.to/mollynem/git-github--workflow-fundamentals-5496) are
also abundant on the net for you to peruse. We've provided a cheatsheet for git
in the Resources folder. 

It is highly recommended to make the most out of Git, even if you've never used
it before. Version control will save you a lot of suffering, and tools like Git
or SVN are ubiquitous in the industry. 

